This project is more of a tutorial than anything, for those with little, if any, real programming experience that want to work with Rancher, RancherOS, Longhorn, and soforth.  If you wish to contribute, please feel free to do so.  I honestly don't totally understand the contribution system on Github, so if I need to do something to allow contribution, send me a message and I will make it happen.  

My ultimate goal is to provide configs that need only light modification that will set up RancherOS to handle basically anything one would want to do in Rancher 2.x without having to constantly trial-and-error weird issues.  I am to the point that I have FEWER weird issues, but more needs to be done.  Thus, cloud-config.yaml files will be the focus here. The fewer assumptions made about the degree of technical prowess, the better.

Another thing that would be useful is .yaml deployment files.  I love the way that you can just pick a docker image in Rancher and it'll create the workload and whatnot.  But I find it a bit...finicky.  This isn't helped by my (nonexistent) understanding of exactly how a docker build file works.  Case in point, I can't even remember what those are called.  Anyway, basic deployment files would be a godsend, especially for apps that don't work so great out of the app library or helm charts available on Rancher.

It would also be helpful if things can be explained through comments or text files as much as possible.  It's always good to have a file that can just be pulled, filled in in a few spots, and deployed without having to understand what on earth is happening.  However, I find that it is easier to troubleshoot, and make things work better, when I have at least a basic understanding of the tools being used.  I don't know how many issues I have ran into that turned out to be a really obvious mistake in the way I was using a tool.

I don't know if anyone will actually be interested in doing something like this, and there's certainly no pay in it, but I think that [Rancher 2.x](rancher/rancher) and [RancherOS](rancher/os) are really great tools that at least open the door for the average small business owner or person with too much time on their hands can utilize the resources on hand using some really cool tech.
